# Ballroom web : https://yanghu199.github.io

Ballroom is a comprehensive experimental project consisting of experimental 3D animated short films and interactive game website. This work abstractly and emotionally depicts Elena, a female fashion creator reach a plateau period, under the enormous pressure of the outside world, in order to escape from reality and hide in a phantasmagoria woven from her inner predicament. Contrary to Federico Fellini's 8 1⁄2 film director Guido Anselmi's quest for inspiration to find redemption in his ideal women, Elena's illusion is about the revenge to the real patriarchy and an unquestioned male order and self-gratification for unfulfilled ambition and desire for expression.

The Ballroom, showing the phantasmagoria of Elena to lead viewers exploring her dilemma presents an animation and a virtual world. Simultaneously, audiences can change her garment (the design of this interaction expresses the strong will to self-control her own life). Viewers would be leaded to experience Elena’s chaotic social relationship and anxiety in the viewer of an unrecognized artist, a wife cheated by her own husband, a daughter doubted by her own father. 

Within this project, audiences are encouraged to dig dip into the causes of those dilemma, those thoughts that people takes for granted, the unrecoverable trauma from family.  In addition, people should reflect on those facets, definition, opinions that majority of the public believes might be constructed on a patriarchal base. The dissipated voices from females, the crucial gaps caused by the gender inequality might be existed before social rules are constructed. As repetitions and acquiescences go on, the gap that should not be encouraged become normal; instead, the fights of eliminating the gap become abnormal. The pessimistic ending demonstrates those unsolvable dilemma between illusions and the reality.
